1. made the uv venv
2. run source .venv/bin/activate to run the file
3. django installed using uv pip install Django.
4. django-admin startproject Djangofolder : this will be the first command and then
the different apps will be made
current files: init,asgi,settings,urls,wsgi,dbsqlite,manage.py
5. uv run ./manage.py runserver 8001  : for running the server
6. manage.py level, project level: Djangofolder, app level, db.sqlite3 has no 
relation with nosql,postgres
7. in the project folder, multiple modules are included always in the pycache folder,
settings.py: wht is the base directory, secret keys, Installed apps, middlewares,templates,
databses
8. urls.py : for the routing, routeurls
9. Django is a web framework. under the hood they use some tech stack to access request,
response,browser. have a look at image 1 and 2 for the diagram for complete understanding
10. make the views.py(no change in file name) file as seen in the diagram above.
11. in the views.py, imported the httpresponse, then make the function and return the httpresponse
12. views always send response.templates are used extensively in django
13. make the folder named templates for the html files and folder static for the css, js
14. In the templates folder make the index.html file that we have to render in the the template
15. In the settings.py file in the DIRS structure write templates in the directory otherwise it will not run
16. In the templates folder we have made the website folder ,in this folder we have 
index.html file so in the views.py file have to use the render and that particular folder
17. by using the style.css in normal link style. style.css cant be accessed
18. now we have imported os in the settings.py file and under the static url we have to add 
Staticfiles_dirs = [os.path.join(BASE_DIR,'static')]. in the index.html file also add the 
{% load static %} and in the link also add the <link rel="stylesheet" href="{% static 'style.css' %}">
29. we have added te django extension now
30. manage.py is very important as its reqd to make the apps and run the server 
31. make the new folder gura using this command uv run ./manage.py startapp gura
32. our main project dont know at any point of time that these apps exist 
33. in the settings.py file, make the changes in the APPS directory
34. now make the new folder templates in the gura folder that includes all the apps 
of the company
35. make the app1 folder. include the app1.html in this file.
36. make the url.py file in this.
37. 